contrary to what many people think half of the world is not only in quito
1736 the French geodesic mission wrote the curvature of the earth
established half of the world to flints
almost 300 years later the gps technology ratified that conclusion
as a souvenir of the French mission in the central park of flints
Find this rock has remained in time as a faithful witness to that milestone
scientific
among the main activities we find fishing and tourism
in the sector the chorrera these two conjugate perfectly and give life
to the beaches with the presence of tourists and the inhabited area where
fishermen make their own networks
to this is added the unique landscape that draw boats and fishing boats
anchored off the coast
next to the city is the pedernales beach there is all kinds
of alternatives to have a good time
some tourists prefer to enjoy the sea water
and others to walk in family
but there is no lack of encouragement to savor the delicious cocktails that are prepared
in the huts and is that in this nobody beats the people of flints to the
Suggestive names are added the way they give depending on the name
this cocktail for example is called flints at midnight its
presentation is based on pineapple other fruits and liquor of the best quality
the most daring are inclined by the cocktail sex on the beach in this case the
barman took great pains to be as serious and as possible
the gastronomy of flints is worthy of admiration
restaurants prepare seafood in every conceivable way
the chicharrón of shrimp accompanied with rice and pasta with him the delicious ones
roasted shells the traditional croaker and of course one of the icons of art
culinary of flints the crab
eat in the restaurants the canton is a unique experience for the palate
In all cases, in addition to good seasoning there is excellent attention to
client this makes them return an asset again
clinton something that resemble real evils with the Caribbean are its palm trees facing the sea
the cane beach
it remains on the route ch aco 550 nothing more nor less than with 17 kilometers of
Palm trees apart from representing a natural spectacle worthy of a postcard
the fruits of the palm trees serve to refresh the set of visitors
take a boat ride on the estuary of the river cojimíes
It is a very relaxing experience the tranquility of its waters so up
the most timid series one hundred
once browsing, you get the best views of place
The ecological wealth of Fernández is in third place to be visited
the hacienda juana muñoz for example is composed of wetlands where
live all kinds of birds here also live whole families of monkeys
howlers that have become accustomed to the presence of the
man
without knowing it they are the main attraction of this tourist hacienda
the ecological reserve maché chindul has as a letter of introduction these
waterfalls
his fame is such that many of the people who come to flinders do it
exclusively to visit it
the water that falls is crystalline
and the visual spectacle that form the natural structure and the panistas under
Water
make any tourist feel a taste
other places to visit his daughter
beach cow head forest protector paw straw
ranch pablito and beach cushions
this is more than hopeful a canton with a lot of history
incomparable gastronomy and friendly people
flints
Another paradise he knows in Manabi